Small changes for C23 & continuity with moved Git lesson (#116)
Ada-Developers-Academy/ada-precourse-v2: preparing-for-ada/starter.md

# Getting Started & The Pre-Ada Topics

Welcome to the Ada Precourse! This course, delivered through the "Learn" Learning Management System, is a major tool we will use throughout your education at Ada. The Precourse Unit consists of three Topics: **Getting Ready**, **Intro to Git**, and **Practice with Python**. Each topic has a collection of lessons you will need to complete **prior to starting at Ada**.

## Learn Terms

| Term | Definition | Example | Used in a Sentence |
| -- | -- | -- |--|
| Lesson | A combination of written material, video lessons, and code challenges focused on one main concept.  | Getting Started & The Pre-Ada Topics, Installfest - Getting Software Installed  | "Conditionals is the name of a lesson in the Practice with Python topic." |
| Topic | A collection of related lessons. Topics appear as a square on the main Learn course page. | Getting Ready, Intro to Git, Practice with Python | "Practice with Python is a topic in the Precourse unit" |

> | Unit | A collection of related topics | Precourse, About Ada, Unit 1 | "Precourse is the first unit in the C23 Learn Course" |

Author: I agree, how do you feel about the suggestion below?

```suggestion
| Unit | A collection of related topics | Precourse, About Ada, Unit 1 | "Precourse is the first unit in the Learn curriculum" |
```

> | Unit | A collection of related topics | Precourse, About Ada, Unit 1 | "Precourse is the first unit in the C23 Learn Course" |

Reviewer: Yep, I think that sounds good!
